Enhance abstract skill for DITA short descriptions (#4814)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: .cursor/skills/abstract/references/reference.md

# Abstract instructions: reference modules

> When the module has `:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE`, follow these rules for the abstract (short description):

Reviewer: Same as for concept modules

Author: ```suggestion
When the module is a reference module (is named `ref_*.adoc` or includes `:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE` as its first line), follow these rules for the abstract (short description):
```

> - Briefly describe what the reference item does, what it is, or what it is used for.

Reviewer: "reference item" seems unclear

Author: It's the "thing being referenced in the module". I don't know how else to call it. It seems clear enough to me. I'm open to suggestions.
